(:title Lightcurve Correction:)




!! Ensemble Fit Corrections
%rfloat text-align=center margin-top=5px margin-right=25px margin-bottom=25px margin-left=25px height=900px% Attach:fit_view_wiki.png |''Figure 1: Flow chart illustrating ensemble fitting overview''

An initial, coarse correction lightcurve will be produced and provided alongside each lightcurve extracted from the raw photometry. The ensemble correction method used is detailed [[https://tasoc.dk/download_conference.php?file=TASC4/posters/P53.pdf|here]]

The resulting ensemble fit curve for each target will also be provided for reference. The lightcurve correction code is available on [[https://github.com/tasoc/LightcurveCorrections|github]]

An overview of the ensemble fitting is illustrated in the flowchart. Results of initial testing on simulated data are shown below.

[[<<]]
%width=900px%Attach:testing_wiki.png
''Figure 2: Results of testing the ensemble lightcurve corrections (orange) on simulated data (blue).''
\\\
\\\

!! Area and CCD Cotrending Basis Vectors
In keeping with the Kepler lightcurve correction methods, CBVs will be provided for each CCD after the raw photometry targets have been processed. Additional area-defined CBVs will be provided for each CCD to reduce unintended fitting biases across the larger detector and attempt to capture localized focus effects.
\\\

!! Classification-Driven and "Final" Corrections
Additional lightcurve corrections and data products may be provided based on working group feedback and requirements for automatic stellar classification.
\\\

!! Tasks
(:table class=tablesorter:)
(:head:) Task
(:head:) Description
(:head:) Status
(:head:) People

(:cellnr rowspan=2:) Algorithms

(:cell:) Ensemble fit - Develop code for ensemble fittng for each target lightcurve
(:cell:) Complete
(:cell:) Derek Buzasi

(:cellnr:) CBV generation - Develop code for CBV generation for CCDs and areas
(:cell:) Complete
(:cell:) Rasmus Handberg

(:cellnr:) Testing
(:cell:) Test corrections code on simulated data
(:cell:) In Progress
(:cell:) 

(:cellnr:) Integration
(:cell:) Integrate ensemble fitting and CBV generation code into T'DA photometry pipeline.
(:cell:) In Progress 
(:cell:) Lindsey Carboneau \\
Oliver Hall

(:tableend:)